Sage/DSY-1748 Remove Designer Notes (#5629)
Sage/carbon: src/components/radio-button/radio-button.stories.mdx

The radio buttons and labels can be disabled using the `disabled` prop on each radio button.

> Please Note: Carbon Library do offer the functionality for `Disabled` radio buttons, but Design System documentation do not recommend using those.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please Note**: Even though Carbon does support disabled radio buttons, their use is not generally recommended by Design System.
```
